feat: add myaccount apis (#1158)
okta/okta-auth-js: lib/myaccount/README.md

# MyAccount API

## Introduction

> MyAccount APIs enables everything needed for the customer's end user to manage one's account. The API assumes the access token is obtained through the OAuth2 either by the classic or IDX flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MyAccount APIs enables end user account management in SPA applications. The API requires an access token obtained via OAuth flows with additional [scopes](#scopes)
```

## Scopes

> Certain token scopes will be needed to gain the permission to read/manage the account resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following scopes are required for permission to read/write the resources exposed by the MyAccount API:
```

**profile:**
```
okta.myAccount.profile.read
okta.myAccount.profile.manage
```

**email:**
```
okta.myaccount.email.read
okta.myaccount.email.manage
```

**phone:**
```
okta.myaccount.phone.read
okta.myaccount.phone.manage
```

## How to access API methods

### Via NPM module

MyAccount API is published as a submodule under `@okta/okta-auth-js` package, you can access the myaccount module by following the snippets below:

**ES module:**

```js
import { getEmails } from '@okta/okta-auth-js/myaccount';
```

**CommonJS:**

```js
const { getEmails } = require('@okta/okta-auth-js/myaccount');
```

### Via CDN

The built library bundle is also available on our global CDN. Include the following script in your HTML file to load before your application script:

```html
<script src="https://global.oktacdn.com/okta-auth-js/6.7.0/okta-auth-js.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
```

> > :warning: The version shown in this sample may be older than the current version. We recommend using the highest version available

Reviewer: Move this warning into the html snippet above as a comment, or move it above the snippet. I think if it's below it's easy to miss

Then you can create an instance of the `OktaAuth` object, available globally, then access MyAccount API methods under `myaccount` namespace.

```javascript
const oktaAuth = new OktaAuth({
  // config
});
const emails = await oktaAuth.myaccount.getEmails();
```

## Handling `insufficient_authentication_context` error

> Re-Authentication will be needed when request requires higher assurance than provided by the access token. MyAccount API methods throws `AuthApiError` with `insufficient_authentication_context` in `errorSummary` and `max_age` in `meta` field to indicate the downstream applications to start a re-authentication flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional security, the MyAccount API requires a higher assurance level to protect the end user's account from being manipulated by malicious actors. If the `access token` provided does not meet the required assurance level, an error will be thrown to prompt the user to re-authenticate. Applications consuming the MyAccount API will need to handle this error condition. When this occurs, `myaccount` methods will throw an `AuthApiError` with `insufficient_authentication_context` in `errorSummary` and `max_age` in `meta` field, like so:
```

> ### AuthApiError example:

Reviewer: remove this header

```js
{
  name: 'AuthApiError',
  errorSummary: 'insufficient_authentication_context',
  errorCauses: [{
    errorSummary: 'The access token requires additional assurance to access the resource'
  }],
  meta: {
    max_age: 900
  }
}
```

> Re-authentication Approaches:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Re-authentication Approaches:
```
